The President:
Hi, everybody.
Here in America, we know the
free market is the greatest
force for economic progress
the world has ever known.
But we also know the free market
works best for everybody when we
have smart, common-sense
rules in place to prevent
irresponsible behavior.
That's why we passed tough
reforms to protect consumers and
our financial system from the
kind of abuse that nearly
brought our economy
to its knees.
And that's why we've taken steps
to end taxpayer-funded bailouts,
and make sure businesses and
individuals who do the right
thing aren't undermined
by those who don't.
But it's not enough
to change the law --
we also need cops on the
beat to enforce the law.
And that's why, on Thursday, I
nominated Mary Jo White to lead
the Securities and
Exchange Commission,
and Richard Cordray to continue
leading the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau.
Mary Jo White has decades of
experience cracking down on
white-collar criminals and
bringing mobsters and terrorists
to justice.
At the SEC, she will help
complete the task of reforming
Wall Street and keep going after
irresponsible behavior in the
financial industry so that
taxpayers don't pay the price.
Richard Cordray is a champion
for American consumers.
After the Senate refused to
allow Richard an up-or-down vote
when I nominated him in 2011,
I took action to appoint him
on my own.
And since then, he's helped
protect Americans from predatory
lenders, launched a "Know Before
You Owe" campaign to help
families make smart decisions
about paying for college,
and cracked down on credit
card companies that charge
hidden fees.
But Richard's appointment runs
out at the end of the year,
and in order for him
to stay on the job,
the Senate needs to finally
give him the vote he deserves.
As President, my top
priority is simple:
To do everything in my power to
fight for middle-class families
and give every American the
tools they need to reach the
middle class.
That means bringing in people
like Mary Jo and Richard whose
job it is to stand up for you.
It means encouraging businesses
to create more jobs and pay
higher wages, and improving
education and job training so
that more people can get the
skills that businesses are
looking for.
It means reforming our
immigration system and keeping
our children safe from the
menace of gun violence.
And it means bringing down our
deficit in a balanced way by
making necessary reforms and
asking every American to pay
their fair share.
I'm honored and humbled
to continue to serve as
your President.
And I am more hopeful than ever
that four years from now --
with your help -- this country
will be more prosperous,
more open, and more committed
to the principles on which we
were founded.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.